doc: add PowerShell install instructions added (#9474)
microsoft/terminal: README.md

#### Via GitHub

For users who are unable to install Windows Terminal from the Microsoft Store,
released builds can be manually downloaded from this repository's [Releases
page](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/releases).

Download the `Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_<versionNumber>.msixbundle` file from
the **Assets** section. To install the app, you can simply double-click on the
`.msixbundle` file, and the app installer should automatically run. If that

> fails for any reason, you can try the following command at a PowerShell prompt
> instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fails for any reason, you can use the following command at a PowerShell prompt:
```

```powershell

> Add-AppxPackage Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_<versionNumber>.msixbundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: If you are using PowerShell 7+, please run
# Import-Module Appx -UseWindowsPowerShell
# before using Add-AppxPackage.

Add-AppxPackage Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_<versionNumber>.msixbundle
```

Reviewer: sound okay? should this be promoted to a toplevel note?

Author: Yes, that sounds great, thanks for the build, I never considered anyone jumping straight to PowerShell 7+
